Recieved some updated GPX tracks, along with dome detailed descriptions M. Bej on 2020-06-01:

1. The trails north of and "attached" to poliana are true (dirt) trails. Suggest using whatever color you like (USGS uses black) but using dashed lines for them. Use the tracks you have. I tried finding these trails on maximal zoom on the GIS site, but even there they are indistinct.

2. Those red lines in the front poliana, and to the sugar shack, and to the back poliana are legitimate "unimproved roads" and should not be shown the same as dirt trails. I suggest using 2 dashed lines for those roads (USGS standard). I would confirm that the by-my-stride measured tracks (what you have on the map now) actually match the GIS images, and use GIS as primary.

3. The red line from the sugar shack, past tabir yunakiv, and now extended back to the old volleyball courts has been turned into 6-foot wide stone trail the whole way. Again, see my enclosed GPS tracks, which you can try to average ... but best will be to wait for Geauga County to get a new set of springtime (no leaves) aerial photos up on the GIS site and do it for real from th eimages. So feel free to update with my GPS tracks, but I would consider that to be a temporary update. I've looked quite recently, and Geauga does not have any 2020 updates to their GIS. Incidentally, there is a substantial relocation to the main trail north/west of the junction with the trail to tabir yunachok. Parts could be shown as "former". Also, the trail to yunakiv is west of the original for its initial part. And west of that junction to yunakiv, the current trail has been displaced from the old forest road in spots.

4. The red line along the richka (from the Sugar Shack side of the larger stream to the triple trail junction near tabir yunakiv) - the lower reaches are likely eroded in spots.

5. The trail from Sugar Shack to Holovna Poliana is very substantially changed, with multiple switchbacks, and the old trail abandoned (but still there, could be shown as "former"). Lower reaches are gone or nearly gone due to stream erosion.

6. There is a new trail starting alongside the red barracks in the woods, zigzagging up the hill to the northeasternmost of the 4 lakes, ending on its embankment (i.e. location of Ð®-2 camp).

7. The trails to the lakes, to the HP, and to tabir yunakiv are all 4-foot wide trails. It would be nice to somehow show the distinction. Perhaps thicker dashed line for the 6-foot perimeter trail, and thinner line for the 4-foot trails. The thick/thin does not exist on USGS maps, but what the hey...

8. Poliana has been pruned back around kaplytsia, which should be shown with the USGS symbol

9. There is a new trail, 4-foot, from between the 2 older red barracks west to the circumference trail.

10. The circumference trail includes, from south to north, 2 culverts, then a bridge. I'm pretty sure I marked them on my GPS, but I don't know if those waypoints came across in the .gpx file. If they did not, let's you and me chat, I'll see if I can somehow download them from my GPS. In the meantime, see the enclosed Excel file, which was obtained by using a rolling measuring wheel (like construction contractors use).

11. The trail to the lakes includes a culvert, not too far back from the red barracks, along the main drainage from old old tabir ptashat (that tabir location was the pine forest northeast of the pool).

12. The old footbridge (3 logs) crossing the smaller stream, due west of the Sugar Shack, I rebuilt into a formal footbridge. Could be shown as such.

13. The marsh near yunakiv has been largely drained. Don't know how it happened. Suddenly, like magic, it was gone. :-)

14. This fall, once the leaves are down, I could go back out to PK, attach my GPS to my telescoping fiberglass pole and re-walk all the trails with the GPS unit 20 feet up in the air. This would hopefully reduce the inaccuracy from having the signal bouncing off the tree trunks. Google Earth, of course, lets you force all of the tracks to ground level (which is why road bridges look so weird).

15. Some years ago I contacted the Baltimore & Ohio (now CSX) and got my hands on the property map of the old rail line that existed behind tabir yunakiv. The property that was taken by eminent domain from the then-owners is a very complicated set of straight lines and curves of various radii. The fence line does not perfectly follow the center line of the railroad because of wider spots e.g. to accommodate culverts. All of this was meticulously documented by the railroad. It's a large format map (24x48 or 36x48, something like that. I currently have it only in paper form. I you like, I can find a large-format scanner (there's an Office Max nearby that I believe has one) to get the sucker into digital form so that you have an "official" back property line in your map. Let me know.


Oh, as you're making your way through these maps ... so that you're not
surprised ... at the junction to the road/trail to tabir yunachok.

First, the road up from the Sugar Shack now has added bends (so that
water drains better).
The OLD junction of the OLD road with the road to yunachky no longer
exists. The perimeter road has a significant abandonment that starts
just below (south, but also lower in altitute) that junction, to the top
of the hill, then turning west (the old muddy parts). The new road turns
west below the yunachky trail, then about 20-30 feet NW of the start of
the abandonment meets a now-EXTENDED-to-the-west yunachky trail (meaning
that my 2017 yunachky gpx is now incomplete). The perimeter trail then
takes the path of an old forest road that was hardly ever used (by
plastuny) before veering off to the north, crossing OVER the old road,
and then turning west rather closer to the ravine, before finally
meeting up with the old road. The last 40% is at the location of the
original road (counting yunachky junction as 0% and yunaky junction as
100%).

WEST of yunaky junction, the new trail also *largely*, but NOT
PERFECTLY, follows the old forest trail that led to the "in-pointing
corner" of the PK property ... though eventually veering off to turn
south, pass behind the old location where Danylo Proczko had his yunak
tabir in 2002? or something like that, before approaching the turkeyfoot
stream.