docs/index.rst, before:


Plast Karto
===========

This is the home for maps of Пластові Оселі in the US.

To download the latest maps, see your favorite оселя's page in the sidebar.


How can I contribute?
---------------------

Check out the `issues page <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues>`_.
If something is `marked as "Help Wanted" <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22>`_,
it means I could use your help!

Field Surveys
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The biggest thing I need help with is collecting survey data. If you have a
handheld GPS, notebook, and love exploring our amazing Пластові оселі, you can help!

Check out any `issues marked as "Survey Needed" <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Survey+Needed%22>`_ for
details on what needs to be done.

Here are `some tips on how to do an effective field survey <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/wiki/How-to-survey-using-GPS>`_.

Report inaccuracies
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Is a map out of date because there is a new road or building?
Is a trail overgrown and doesn't really exist anymore?
Let me know by creating `an issue ticket <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues>`_
(or just email me at ``amykyta3 at gmail``).


.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    self

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: Maps

    novyj-sokil
    pysanyj-kamin
    vovcha-tropa
    archive

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: Resources

    orienteering-card

Commit message:

[Sich] Add print layouts, UTM tool, docs

docs/index.rst, after:


Plast Karto
===========

This is the home for maps of Пластові Оселі in the US and Canada.

To download the latest maps, see your favorite оселя's page in the side navigation bar.


How can I contribute?
---------------------

Check out the `issues page <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues>`_.
If something is `marked as "Help Wanted" <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Help+Wanted%22>`_,
it means I could use your help!

Field Surveys
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The biggest thing I need help with is collecting survey data. If you have a
handheld GPS, notebook, and love exploring our amazing Пластові оселі, you can help!

Check out any `issues marked as "Survey Needed" <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Survey+Needed%22>`_ for
details on what needs to be done.

Here are `some tips on how to do an effective field survey <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/wiki/How-to-survey-using-GPS>`_.

Report inaccuracies
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Is a map out of date because there is a new road or building?
Is a trail overgrown and doesn't really exist anymore?
Let me know by creating `an issue ticket <https://github.com/amykyta3/plast-karto/issues>`_
(or just email me at ``amykyta3 at gmail``).


.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    self

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: USA

    novyj-sokil
    pysanyj-kamin
    vovcha-tropa

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: Canada

    plastova-sich

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :caption: Resources

    orienteering-card
    archive
